return
Money refund money refund
The money must be refunded.
Not a penny less?
Look what you've done to my child
My kids don't want to talk anymore
If my child has three long and two short, I can't finish with you
I say you
If you can pay, I will make up lessons for you.
Why should I refund the money for two issues of money and goods?
I'll tell you what.
My training class is about to be shut down
If you push me again
I will fight you
Laugh less
I'm telling you, we're not done yet.
Ahhh
Don't be impulsive
Why are you against me?
If it weren't for you
Everything is fine.
You deserve the most
Damn it! Damn it!
So you let him go?
Change me
Can you replace him?
You just come over.
I'll let him go right away
You let him go, Mr. Liang
It's not your fault.
I see.
But I can't ignore it.
But you have an exam tomorrow.
Hahahaha
Forget it, I think you're a coward
Saving him is more important than the Mathematical Olympiad
Let him go and I will fulfill you
I used to go to hell